README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
hyper-adapter-sqs
</h1>
<p align="center">A Queue port adapter for AWS SQS in the <a href="https://hyper.io/">hyper</a>  service framework</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nest.land/package/hyper-adapter-sqs"><img src="https://nest.land/badge.svg" alt="Nest Badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/actions/workflows/test.yml"><img src="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg" alt="Test" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/tags/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/tag/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs" alt="Current Version" /></a>
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Example](#example)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

`hyper.config.js`

```js
import { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";

export default {
  app: opine,
  adapter: [
    { port: "queue", plugins: [sqs("UNIQUE_NAME")] },
  ],
};
```

In order to use this adapter you will need to have an AWS Account and will need
the following information:

- IAM User with access to SQS (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_ACCESS_SECRET_KEY)
- AWS Region (default: us-east-1)

> The AWS User will need the ability to manage s3 and SQS resources

### ENV VARS

You may set envrionment variables like so, and the adapter will use them:

```txt
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=XXXXX
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=XXXX
AWS_REGION=XXXXX
```

Then when you configure the hyper service, you can setup the sqs adapter like:

> The unique name is an alphanumeric string that contains identifing
> information, this will enable you to identify the bucket and queue which will
> be prefixed by 'hyper-queue-' and whatever name you provide.

`hyper.config.js`

```js
import { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";

export default {
  app: opine,
  adapter: [
    { port: "queue", plugins: [sqs("UNIQUE_NAME")] },
  ],
};
```

> NOTE: You can explictly pass in AwsAccessKeyId, AwsSecretKey, region as
> options in the adapter method.
> `sqs(UNIQUE_NAME, { awsAccessKeyId, awsSecretKey, region: 'us-east-1'})`

## Example

create queue

```sh
curl -X PUT -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"target": "url"}' cloud.hyper.io/queue/hooks
```

post queue

```sh
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{...}' cloud.hyper.io/queue/hooks
```

## Installation

This is a Deno module available to import from
[nest.land](https://nest.land/package/hyper-adapter-sqs)

deps.js

```js
export { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! See the hyper
[contribution guide](https://docs.hyper.io/contributing-to-hyper)

## Testing

```
./scripts/test.sh
```

To lint, check formatting, and run unit tests

## License

Apache License 2.0 SEE [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: update README with sleep and sessionToken #16

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
hyper-adapter-sqs
</h1>
<p align="center">A Queue port adapter for AWS SQS in the <a href="https://hyper.io/">hyper</a>  service framework</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nest.land/package/hyper-adapter-sqs"><img src="https://nest.land/badge.svg" alt="Nest Badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/actions/workflows/test.yml"><img src="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg" alt="Test" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs/tags/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/tag/hyper63/hyper-adapter-sqs" alt="Current Version" /></a>
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Example](#example)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

`hyper.config.js`

```js
import { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";

export default {
  app: opine,
  adapter: [
    { port: "queue", plugins: [sqs("UNIQUE_NAME")] },
  ],
};
```

In order to use this adapter you will need to have an AWS Account and will need
the following information:

- IAM User with access to SQS and S3 (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_ACCESS_SECRET_KEY,
  and optional AWS_SESSION_TOKEN)
- AWS Region (default: us-east-1)

> The AWS User will need the ability to manage s3 and SQS resources

### ENV VARS

You may set envrionment variables like so, and the adapter will use them:

```txt
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=XXXXX
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=XXXXX
AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=XXXXX
AWS_REGION=XXXXX
```

Then when you configure the hyper service, you can setup the sqs adapter like:

> The unique name is an alphanumeric string that contains identifing
> information, this will enable you to identify the bucket and queue which will
> be prefixed by 'hyper-queue-' and whatever name you provide.

`hyper.config.js`

```js
import { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";

export default {
  app: opine,
  adapter: [
    { port: "queue", plugins: [sqs("UNIQUE_NAME")] },
  ],
};
```

You can explictly pass in awsAccessKeyId, awsSecretKey, sessionToken, and region
as options to the adapter method.

```js
sqs(UNIQUE_NAME, {
  awsAccessKeyId,
  awsSecretKey,
  sessionToken,
  region: "us-east-1",
});
```

## Sleep

This adapter's process task receives messages from SQS and sends them to your
queue's worker url for processing. If no messages are received from SQS, this
adapter's process task will pause, by default, for 10 seconds, before attempting
to receive more messages from SQS

You can also pass a `sleep` value to the adapter, which should be the number of
milliseconds to pause if no messages are received from SQS:

```js
sqs(UNIQUE_NAME, { sleep: 5000, awsAccessKeyId: ...})
```

## Installation

This is a Deno module available to import from
[nest.land](https://nest.land/package/hyper-adapter-sqs)

deps.js

```js
export { default as sqs } from "https://x.nest.land/hyper-adapter-sqs@0.1.4/mod.js";
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! See the hyper
[contribution guide](https://docs.hyper.io/contributing-to-hyper)

## Testing

```
./scripts/test.sh
```

To lint, check formatting, and run unit tests

## License

Apache License 2.0 SEE [LICENSE](LICENSE)
